📝 Update docs about Spaces' environment (#878)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-sdks-docker.md

If you want to expose apps served on multiple ports to the outside world, a workaround is to use a reverse proxy like Nginx to dispatch requests from the broader internet (on a single port) to different internal ports.

> ## Environment Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Secret & Variables Management
```

> You can manage the Space's environment variables from its Settings. Read more [here](./spaces-overview.md#managing-the-environment).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can manage a Space's environment variables in the Space Settings. Read more [here](./spaces-overview.md#managing-the-environment).
```

### Variables

#### Buildtime

Variables are passed as `build-arg`s when building your Docker Space. Read [Docker's dedicated documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#arg) for a complete guide on how to use this in the Dockerfile.

```Dockerfile
	# Declare your environment variables with the ARG directive
	ARG MODEL_REPO_NAME

	FROM python:latest
	# [...]
	# You can use them like environment variables
	RUN predict.py $MODEL_REPO_NAME
```

#### Runtime

Variables are injected in the container's environment at runtime. 

### Secrets

#### Buildtime

> In Docker Spaces, the secrets management is different for security reasons. Once you create a secret in the [Settings tab](./spaces-overview#managing-secrets-and-environment-variables), you can expose the secret by adding the following line in your Dockerfile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Docker Spaces, the secrets management is different for security reasons. Once you create a secret in the [Settings tab](./spaces-overview#managing-secrets-and-environment-variables), you can expose the secret by adding the following line in your Dockerfile:
```

	curl test -H 'Authorization: Bearer $(cat /run/secrets/SECRET_EXAMPLE)'
```

#### Runtime

> At runtime, you can access the secrets as environment variables. For example, in Python you would do `os.environ.get("SECRET_EXAMPLE")`. Check out this [example](https://huggingface.co/spaces/DockerTemplates/secret-example) of a Docker Space that uses secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At runtime, you can access the secrets as environment variables. For example, in Python you would use `os.environ.get("SECRET_EXAMPLE")`. Check out this [example](https://huggingface.co/spaces/DockerTemplates/secret-example) of a Docker Space that uses secrets.
```

	curl test -H 'Authorization: Bearer $(cat /run/secrets/SECRET_EXAMPLE)'
```

#### Runtime

> At runtime, you can access the secrets as environment variables. For example, in Python you would use `os.environ.get("SECRET_EXAMPLE")`. Check out this [example](https://huggingface.co/spaces/DockerTemplates/secret-example) of a Docker Space that uses secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as for public Variables, at runtime, you can access the secrets as environment variables. For example, in Python you would use `os.environ.get("SECRET_EXAMPLE")`. Check out this [example](https://huggingface.co/spaces/DockerTemplates/secret-example) of a Docker Space that uses secrets.
```
